# CS360FInalProject
Matt Lee
The goal for this app is to provide the user with an app that they can use to track their weight. The requirements for this assignment were to have a log in screen as well as a screen to provide the user the ability to update,delete,add, or view their weight.
For features for the app that help produce a user-centered UI, the things that were created were allowing the user to update their weights as well as remove bad entries. It also allows the user to create a profile by logging into the app. The UI design was created based off of what I would want an apps UI to look like and how I would want the app to function obviously I would need more feedback from users and testers to create the perfect app.
For coding my app I approached it one screen at a time and then created the ability for the screens to be connected and work together. For strategies that I used when creating the app I would say it was mainly just trying to complete the project and meet the requirements for each screen. I think having a better flow or maybe making the screens work better is something that I can improve on in the future.
For testing, the first thing I did was make sure the code had no errors, afterwards I tested to make sure that the functions of the code were working correctly and functioning properly. For me this process was important to make sure their were any obvious errors and then it allowed for me to correct any errors that needed to be fixed.
I think the biggest innvocation came when I had to actaully create the app and figure out how I would want the app to function, making sure that the app functioned the way I also wanted it to help was definitely a challenge.
I would say the log in screen was probably the thing I'm the most proud of because alot of it I had to research to make it work correctly but also it uses alot of the things we learned in this class and combines them all into one. From using a database to then using that database to test the data as well as store the data that the user is inputting in the app.
